so we live in a Quantum Universe imagine
the universe the cosmos as you know it
is filled with an infinite tapestry of
potentiality that's so interesting that
idea of an infinite expanse of
potentiality because potentiality is a
very strange scientific materialist
concept because only what's real can be
measured materially there is a
cosmological hypothesis that permeates
religious speculation that the cosmos
that's inhabitable so the structured
material world is a manifestation of a
multiplicitous potential that's the
infinite chaos right and so in Genesis
for example there's a process that looks
to me to be akin to communicative
Consciousness the order that is good is
extracted out from this multi-potential
field of potential as a consequence of
the of the action of some structuring
Force it's very interesting to me that
in the realm of physics itself there is
the notion of expansive potential and
you Associated that with Quantum fields
and also with the Multiverse let's walk
through all of that